Sad
You are not alone.
There is nothing wrong with getting help.
There is also nothing wrong with pushing others away.
You don’t have to do things others do or people tell you to do.
Never blame yourself for the people who seem to have left you behind.
In life, you can not win every battle, but you can definitely win the war.
You are in control.
You still need the rest.
You can pray, someone will listen.
Loving is amazing.
But never ever, ever forget to love yourself as well.
Fear
Your fear isn’t always a sign you’re about to make the wrong move.
Procrastination isn’t your friend.
You can’t spend too much time worrying about things you might regret.
You can’t stay stuck in the same place forever.
You shouldn’t be ashamed of your fear.
You’ve overcome your fears before.
The timing is never going to be perfect.
The timing is never going to be perfect.
Hesitant
Do not worry about what you cannot control.
Remember: it’s okay if you don’t know what’s coming next.
You don’t need anyone to complete you.
Remind yourself that it’s only life.
You are under absolutely no obligation to do what anyone else is doing.
Take time for self-care.
You deserve happiness.
Speak out openly and often about what you care about.
Let go of society’s rules of what defines the "ideal" life.
Learn to do what’s best for you.
Try not to worry so much about all of the little things in life.
Remember that a bad day doesn’t equal a bad life.
Stop comparing yourself to everyone else.
When things go wrong, pick yourself back up and learn from them.
Don’t put up with a half-hearted relationships.
Say Yes to being who you truly are, rather than to being who you think you are supposed to be.
Calm
You are what you choose to become in this moment. Let go, and begin again.
You have enough. You do enough. Inhale, exhale… let go, and just live right now in the moment.
Be here. Just right here. No matter what, you can always fight the battles of just today.
Be selective with your energy. If you can fix a problem, fix it. If you can’t, then accept it and change your thoughts about it.
Remember, you alone get to choose what matters and what doesn’t.
What you focus on grows. Stop managing your time. Start managing your focus.
Happy
You control my own happiness.
Try going to make someone else’s day today.
You are worthy and deserving.
What you are doing matters.
Today is another opportunity to make someone smile.
Anger
Is it worth your energy?
No amount of anger or resentment will change the what has happened when it is outside of your control.
Sure it feels really good right now to let it all out, you feel like you have been wronged after all. But in the long run it could lead to alienation, resentment or guilt afterwards.
Surprise
Focus your attention so you can determine what is happening and whether you are in danger or not.
Disgust
You may have a sickening feeling of revulsion, loathing or nausea.
Hurt
Never let anyone make you feel guilty about putting yourself first.
You should only surround yourself with people who inspire you to reach your full potential.
Walking away will be difficult at first, but worth it in the end.
You are allowed to cut anyone out of your world at any time for any reason. Even family. Even friends you have known since kindergarten.
Threatened
Don't be intimidated.
Be mindful of the degree to which your brain is wired to make you afraid.
This mindfulness of both the inner workings of your brain and the outer mechanisms of fear-promotion can by itself make you less prone to needless fear.
Hateful
Learn to dissipate your emotions.
Try communicating with others.
Often times hateful emotions are just temporary.
Mad
Communication is key.
Anger doesn't translate to hatred.
Conflict isn't the end of the world.
Aggressive
Try to take deep breaths.
Clear and calm your mind.
Frustrated
Often the truth is nothing more but a battle of perceptions.
Allow others to make mistakes and learn from that experience.
Never get upset when someone is hell-bound to challenging the system of your beliefs and opinions or when they simply have a drastically different outlook on life.
Unfortunately, people can’t read our mind, so you should stop expecting them to.
Distant
Sometimes the most ordinary things can be made extraordinary, just by doing them with the right people.
You intellectually grow to be like the few people you spend most of your time with.  So surround yourself with only those who are going to lift you higher.
A healthy relationship will never require you to sacrifice your happiness, your other important relationships, your dreams, or your dignity.
Critical
Don’t listen to those who tell you exactly what to do.  Listen to those special few who encourage you to do what you already know in your heart is right.
Pay attention to the little things.
Disapproval
The only thing that will help you move forward is taking the first step in the direction that you’ve always been too afraid to take.
The plans of your past selves and the plans that others had for you couldn’t have guaranteed a specific outcome.
It is counterproductive to make excuses as to why you aren’t where you thought you’d be. Rather, focus on what you can do right now that can help you see
Awful
Every day starts with a little courage, like getting out of bed.
No one ever liked to be sad, but realize that sadness, too, is a feeling – a phase you may have to go through.
The bad times are best teachers of logic; they tell you where to give your attention to.
Avoidance
You can't run away from your problems.
Face your problems head on.
You can't push back everything forever, might as well get it done with.
Guilty
In a backwards way, it’s good news if you’re feeling like you’ve done wrong – it means you actually care to be better than you have been. Start now?
If guilt leads to change then it can be useful, since it’s then no longer just guilt but the beginning of knowledge and growth.
There’s no reason to feel perpetually guilty for making a sincere mistake.
Abandoned
There are people that have and will continue to care for you.
You can always make new friends!
Despair
Perspective makes us grateful and thankful regardless of our circumstances.
At the end of this painful journey, you will have a story
Depressed
You are not alone. We all go through some rough patches and indecisiveness, regardless of how personal they may be.
There is nothing wrong with getting help.
You don’t have to do things others do or people tell you to do.
Never blame yourself for the people who seem to have left you behind.
Lonely
Remember that loneliness is not equal to being alone.
Actively try to reach out and socialize.
Strive to fight self-deprecating habits.
Accept your emotions.
Get out of your comfort zone a little at a time.
Bored
Boredom drives creativity.
Try a new game, hobby?
Optimistic
Keep up the optimism!
Life can only get better.
Intimate
Always listen to your partner.
Peaceful
Allow yourself to feel and honor the emotions that come through.
Remember that you are a valuable piece of the world’s puzzle.
Bring peace to yourself and others.
Powerful
Keep your head calm and clear.
Power can be daunting, but you can control it.
Accepted
Share your found spaces with others.
There are people that have and will continue to care for you.
Proud
You've done so much, and you deserve the rewards.
The fact that you’re trying to better yourself means you’re already doing more than most people.
Your goal should be to impress yourself, to make yourself proud.
Interested
Seek that which will fulfill your interests.
Joyful
Give the gift of kindness.
Hard work pays off.
Excited
I am very fortunate.
Have some fun.
Amazed
Often times, you'll be amazed at how great you are.
Confused
Take a moment to appreciate your effort to honor the confusion in your mind and the itch in your feet.
Take a moment to appreciate your spirit that does not want to quit.
You might be afraid. But fear does not mean you cannot do it. It means that you care enough to wonder what it would be like if it didn’t work out.
The feeling of constantly searching for something does not mean that you lack something.
Startled
Don't forget to calm and clear your mind.
Don't let small events knock you off your comfort.
Scared
Your fear isn’t always a sign you’re about to make the wrong move.
You can’t spend too much time worrying about things you might regret.
You shouldn’t be ashamed of your fear.
You’ve overcome your fears before.
Anxious
This will pass, and more quickly if you don’t resist it.
You can and will get through this—and this can make you stronger.
You are safe.
The past and future cannot hurt you in the present.
Thoughts can only hurt you if you give them power.
Worrying will not change the outcome.
What’s worrying you is temporary.
Insecure
When you’re in your mind, sometimes you don’t see the millions of people who accept you for what you are.
Believe in yourself and negotiate for yourself. Own your own success.
You wouldn’t worry so much about what others think of you if you realized how seldom they do.
It is confidence in our bodies, minds, and spirits that allows us to keep looking for new adventures.
You yourself, as much as anyone in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Submissive
Don't be afraid to stand up for yourself.
Rejected
Reflection and self-examination lead to growth.
None of us is right every time.
You can grow from here.
Humiliated
Ups and downs are baked into the world order. You will overcome this.
Own your story.
